it's like herding cats for a
photographer as he tries to convince the
student body to form the letters CR HS
at the 50-yard line fifty is a big
number at Columbia River High School as
it celebrates half a century this year
built in 1962 River has seen a lot of
changes throughout the years but one
thing has remained the same once a
chieftain always a chieftain
I guess there's that saying here at
Columbia River these students are
relatively new to being chieftains but
that's not the case for Michelle buss
I've been a chieftain since I was a baby
Michelle's dad Jim Chapman was a teacher
at Columbia River my dad started
teaching here in 1970 and I was born in
1970 she remembers running up and down
the halls I was also a cheerleader when
I was four the wrestling cheerleaders at
the time made me a cheerleading outfit
so that was my only time being a
cheerleader in my life but it was really
fun
Michelle graduated from River in 1988
now Michelle is a teacher there and the
track coach her dad is still around
coaching tennis and Michelle still uses
what he taught her every day having high
expectations of the students and you
know modeling what excellence really is
sophomore Abby Bennett is also a second
generation chieftain joining her mom and
dad I don't know it's just kind of cool
to be like in the same school that they
were in like a few her father Dave
Bennett graduated from River in 1983 and
now as a teacher at River Dave is seeing
something remarkable I can think of a
lot of staff who currently teacher who
were students here a lot of students who
have come through in the last five years
that I've been here whose parents I went
to school with and their parents went to
school with and that's you know
something special about this school at
River it seems to boil down to just one
word like feels a lot like a family and
it means family to me it does feel like
family so if you think of the school
that way as a family these students
crowding together on the field aren't
just spelling out the
name of their school they're posing for
the largest family portrait of their
lives
we have a saying here and it's and it's
true because even after you leave River
once the chieftain always achieved in
for in the know I'm Nick wall